testcase: @c1
Motive: User trying to login mutliple times successively
Issues Noticed: showSuccessMessage() clears the form after a delay, but email and password fields are fed before success message div is goes invisible
this leads to clearing the form fields and ending up with empty/null values on successive logins.
Possible Solutions:
1. wait for success message to go off before feeding the inputs
Implementation: same as #1
Enhancements:
1. add use case to validate login form is rendered again post the success message invisiblity

testcase: @c2
Motive: User trying to login to an animated login button and also to click on logout button post login
Issues Noticed:
1. Login button is not static and rather in movement for some time
2. Fields of My Account menu takes a bit to load
Possible Solutions:
For Login button:
1. Wait for login button to settle (long process may take longer or may not be stable at all) - not advised
2. Tab and Enter from password field - delegate click action to browser - works but could fail if there are any intermediate elements
3. Use Javascript execution and click on login button 
Implementation: #3
Enhancements:
1. Added validations for welcome message and email id


testcase: @c3
Motive: User tries to reset the password by providing an email id
Issues Noticed: Stale element that pops up due to a delayed action of showForgotPassword() method
Possible Solutions: 
1. Wait for some element that has visibility only when the forgotpassword flow is active(back to login in this case)
Implementation: #1
Enhancements: 
1. Added validations related to email id and message

testcase: @c4
Motive: User tries to login and logout of the application
Issues Noticed: App takes a while before accepting user interatactions
Possible Solutions:
1. Wait for App to be ready by checking the window variable
Implementation: #1
Enhancements:
1. Added validation for user email under dropdown menu
2. We can further add validations for dropdown functionalies (as it grows)